Docs: deprecate API key reference docs and update API tutorial to use service accounts (#77429)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/http_api/auth.md

# Authentication API

The Authentication HTTP API is used to manage API keys.

> {{% admonition type="note" %}}
> If you use Grafana v9.1 or newer, use service accounts instead of API keys. For more information, refer to [Grafana service account API reference]({{< relref "./serviceaccount/" >}}).
> {{% /admonition %}}

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
{{% admonition type="note" %}}
If you use Grafana v9.1, we encourage the usage of Service Accounts over API keys. API keys have been deprecated and will be removed shortly. For more information, refer to [Grafana Service Accounts reference]({{< relref "./serviceaccount/" >}}).
{{% /admonition %}}
```

Author: I've copied this note over from another API key page, so might leave it as it is for consistency :)
